Where is the remaining dragon heart grass?
I'll tell you everything as long as you don't kill me.
Did you know that there is a saying in the world
It's called life rather than death
Ah, hahahaha.
Oh I tell you
Uncle Liu of the Liu family has one.
Please give me a treat
You asked me this time.
Put me down
Miss Gao
Don't worry with me, he doesn't dare to do anything.
Thank you for your help
It's alright
I said you trash
You don't dare to come forward for the trouble you caused yourself
Now it's up to a woman to solve it
Fortunately, I'm here today.
Otherwise, something will happen to Lan Lan
I obviously solved this matter.
Can you have a face?
Xu Wenjie, when did you become such a person?
Even if you can fight again
You can't beat so many people.
Put away your poor big thing
Don't hurry up, thank you Ke Shao
Believe it or not
Wait a minute, tomorrow is grandpa's birthday.
Come with me to celebrate birthday
Grandpa Gao has secretly protected me for many years
Marrying my granddaughter to help me hide my identity
Really should go
I see. I'll be there.
Hey, hey, take advantage of now
Pick up more trash
Buy a corresponding gift tomorrow.
Don't apologize when the time comes.
My gift
I'm afraid you've never seen it in your life